### Implement SysFS period

Your implementation of the PWM controller driver should present two files in the sysfs file system that can be used to write and read the PWM period and duty cycle. Name those files accordingly (*period* and *duty*). These files should accept and produce values in a user understandable format 
(not clock cycles as they are hardware dependent).

| **File Name** | **Permissions** | **Description**                                          |
|:-------------:|:---------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|    period     |       rw        | PWM period \[micro seconds\]                             |
|     duty      |       rw        | duration of high in constant PWM \[%\]                   |

In the skeleton code for the driver, you will find that the necessary structures for the *state* and *control* files are already implemented. Use them as an implementation guide.

Now, implement the sysfs interface for the *period* (read,write). Implement and use functions named *esl_axitimer_period_store()* and *axitimer_period_show()*. Use *printk()* to print out debug messages for validation. No need to implement the peripheral register accesses yet.

Place example shell commands that can be used for validation into the comments on top of the respective functions. 

Commit your changes referencing this issue. 

**HINT:** use the *kstrtoul()* function to convert from a string to *unsigned long*. *kstrtoul* will catch errors like invalid number strings and negative numbers, however, make sure that you check that the converted number is within the admissible range of the corresponding AXI TIMER register.
