## PWM Controller Driver

Using the result code of pre-lab 3a assignment, implement the actual
intended behavior of the driver, that is, implement the actual register
writes and reads that configure and control the AXI Timer peripheral.
You can use the helper functions for `reg_read` and `reg_write` in
the same file. If needed, implement additional set/clear bit functions
for manipulating individual bits within a register.

Follow the //TODO tags that you have set as part of last assignment of lab3-pre.
Validate your code from the bottom up.

1.  In the lab3 repository, create a new directory gpio_pwm, and copy the Makefile into it.
    Create a basic README.md in it describing the project.

2.  Select one of the pre-lab 3 code as an starting point and add
    kpwm.c to your lab3 repository.

3.  In the end of README.md create a section Sources, and describe your
    reasoning for selecting the starting code.

4.  Commit your code before any modifications.

5.  Start by implementing the initialization code. Use the code that you
    have developed in the user-level driver as part of lab2 as guidance.
    Use a constant setting for period and duty cycle. Validate that the
    PWM signal is generated.

6.  Implement and validate the start/stop functionality. Note that
    clearing the ENALL bit does not disable both timers. Instead, each
    timer needs to be stopped individually.

7.  Implement and validate setting period \[us\] and duty cycle \[%\].

8.  Validate the correctness of the driver by generating a PWM signal
    1ms period and 25% duty cycle. Measure the generated signal using
    pulsecap.

    Verify that the driver works as intended by loading the kernel
    module on the zedboard and manipulating the sysfs interface that you
    implemented. Commit all pending changes.

In this issue, record general setps, challenges faced and solutions in realizing the steps above.

To prepare for the post-lab clean up, collect the pulsecap output as
well as some usage examples. In post-lab update the README.md to
include: project description, installation/make instructions, usage
definition, usage examples, and example output (pulsecap visualization).
If needed, add a known issues section.
